README.md, before:

# Setup instructions
These setup instructions will help you setup and run the Mercury Demo.

## Prerequisites
1. A valid sitecore license xml file.
2. Windows 10 64 bit build 17763 (press windows key, type in `run`, hit enter, type in `winver`, hit enter to check), for higher versions see [here](#running-a-not-compatible-windows-version).
3. CPU with support for virtualisation (VT-x or AMD-V).
4. ~30GB of free space, you probably want a decent internet speed as well to download this.
5. 16GB of RAM, less may work but is untested.
6. Ports 80, 443, 4200 and 5050 should be free. If another application uses these ports you will get a similar error to the one below:
```
ERROR: for sitecore  Cannot start service sitecore: failed to create endpoint mercurydemoweb_sitecore_1 on network nat: hnsCall failed in Win32: The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process. (0x20)
```

## Setting up the demo environment
1. Put the `docker-compose.yml`, `license.xml` and `setup.ps1` in a folder of choice. These files are needed to start the environment so don't delete these.
2. Open up a powershell with admin rights, navigate to this folder (`cd <insertpath to folder here>`) and run `./setup.ps1 -ExecutionPolicy UnRestricted`
     - Your computer may be asked restart multiple times.
3. Switch docker to `Windows Containers` by clicking on `Switch to Windows containers` in the menu that appears when you right click on `Docker Desktop` in the `hidden icons` panel that can be located near your clock.

## Using the demo environment
1. Open up a powershell terminal and navigate to the folder where you put the `docker-compose.yml`.
2. Run `az login` to generate a login token and then `az acr login --name avivasolutionsnl` to gain access to our docker images. 
     - `az login` will open up a browser window where you can login. If you use the Edge browser it will hang at the login process. This step should work with the Chrome browser.
3. Run `docker-compose up`. The first time this can take a while as it has to download the environment, once downloaded you can skip step 2 the next time.
4. Now you can go to the following urls:
     - http://www.mercurydemo.localhost to view the site, 
     - http://www.mercurydemo.localhost/sitecore to view the cms 
     - https://commerce.mercurydemo.localhost:4200 to view commerce
5. You can stop the environment with `docker-compose down`.

## Updating the demo environment (for when new versions of the demo are released)
1. Open a powershell and run `az acr login --name avivasolutionsnl`.
2. Navigate to the folder with the `docker-compose.yml` and run `docker-compose pull`. This can take a while.

## Known issues
### In Experience Profile's Activity tab, a `{{Sitename}}` can be found in the event URL instead of `mercury-food`.
This will happen for sessions that are started right after starting the docker containers. Please wait 3 minutes before accessing the storefront if a functional Experience Profile is desired for your session.

### Running a not compatible Windows version
We currently only support Windows Host OS versions that are compatible with a `Windows Server 2019 Builds 17763.*` Container OS version, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/version-compatibility for a full compatiblity list.  
This basically means that you need `Windows Server 2019 Builds 17763.*`, `Windows 10, version 1809 Builds 17763.*`. On higher versions Hyper-V isolation is required, to use this remove all `isolation: process` lines from https://github.com/avivasolutionsnl/mercury-demo/blob/master/docker-compose.yml. 

NB. Hyper-V isolation requires more RAM memory.

Commit message:

Update to use with 9.3 images (#10)
* Update to use with 9.3 images

Update files to use Mercury 2.5.0 version (SXC 9.3 Initial Release).

* Update compose file

* Use license location instead of encoded license in variable

* Fix license location of xconnect services

xconnect services doesn't expect file path but the folder location.

Co-authored-by: James Li <james.li@avivasolutions.nl[diff]>

README.md, after:

# Setup instructions
These setup instructions will help you setup and run the Mercury Demo.

## Prerequisites
1. A valid sitecore license xml file.
2. Windows 10 64 bit build 18362.* (press windows key, type in `run`, hit enter, type in `winver`, hit enter to check), for higher versions see [here](#running-a-not-compatible-windows-version).
3. CPU with support for virtualisation (VT-x or AMD-V).
4. ~30GB of free space, you probably want a decent internet speed as well to download this.
5. 16GB of RAM, less may work but is untested.
6. Ports 80, 4200, 5000 and 5010 should be free. If another application uses these ports you will get a similar error to the one below:
```
ERROR: for sitecore  Cannot start service sitecore: failed to create endpoint mercurydemoweb_sitecore_1 on network nat: hnsCall failed in Win32: The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process. (0x20)
```

## Setting up the demo environment
1. Put the `docker-compose.yml` and `setup.ps1` in a folder of choice. These files are needed to start the environment so don't delete these.
2. Place license file in `C:\license` folder
3. Open up a powershell with admin rights, navigate to this folder (`cd <insertpath to folder here>`) and run `./setup.ps1 -ExecutionPolicy UnRestricted`
     - Your computer may be asked restart multiple times.
4. Switch docker to `Windows Containers` by clicking on `Switch to Windows containers` in the menu that appears when you right click on `Docker Desktop` in the `hidden icons` panel that can be located near your clock.

## Using the demo environment
1. Open up a powershell terminal and navigate to the folder where you put the `docker-compose.yml`.
2. Run `az login` to generate a login token and then `az acr login --name avivasolutionsnl` to gain access to our docker images. 
     - `az login` will open up a browser window where you can login. If you use the Edge browser it will hang at the login process. This step should work with the Chrome browser.
3. Run `docker-compose up`. The first time this can take a while as it has to download the environment, once downloaded you can skip step 2 the next time.
4. Now you can go to the following urls:
     - http://www.mercurydemo.localhost to view the site, 
     - http://www.mercurydemo.localhost/sitecore to view the cms 
     - http://bizfx.mercurydemo.localhost:4200 to view commerce
5. You can stop the environment with `docker-compose down`.

## Updating the demo environment (for when new versions of the demo are released)
1. Open a powershell and run `az acr login --name avivasolutionsnl`.
2. Navigate to the folder with the `docker-compose.yml` and run `docker-compose pull`. This can take a while.

## Known issues
### In Experience Profile's Activity tab, a `{{Sitename}}` can be found in the event URL instead of `mercury-food`.
This will happen for sessions that are started right after starting the docker containers. Please wait 3 minutes before accessing the storefront if a functional Experience Profile is desired for your session.

### Running a not compatible Windows version
We currently only support Windows Host OS versions that are compatible with a `Windows Server 2019 Builds 18362.*` Container OS version, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/version-compatibility for a full compatiblity list.  
This basically means that you need `Windows Server 2019 Builds 18362.*`, `Windows 10, version 1903 Builds 18362.*`. On higher versions Hyper-V isolation is required, to use this configure `ISOLATION=hyperv` in the `.env` environment file. 

NB. Hyper-V isolation requires more RAM memory.
